And in time... enough time...
I would forget.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-
Yeah.
All right.
A little fixer-upper
south of Wilshire.
It's nothing. Yeah.
I've got people here.
Yeah. I'll talk to you later.
Sorry.
I'm here for you now.
All right.
two acres on Alta Loma.
- Alta Vista.
- Vista. That's right.
Murphy property.
We've been a little late on
the payments. want to settle up.
I don't think that's possible.
What do you mean?
The mortgage
is two months in default...
and it appears that the property
is in contract to another party.
To another party?
- Who?
- That's privileged information.
How can that be? We called
specifically for an extension.
The extension
expired two days ago.
If you don't make a payment.
the bank can repossess.
Without prior notice?
Can they do that?
They don't have to warn us.
But. in fact. an attempt was made
to call you on the third...
and a registered letter.
return receipt requested...
was attempted on the fourth.
Apparently
there was no one home.
We were out of town.
Well. I am sorry...
but you snooze. you lose.
"You snooze. you lose."
"You snooze. you lose"?
- It's an expression.
- Oh. that's beautiful.
Bullshit!
This is bullshit. man!
Don't deal with these people.
They sold us out.
They'll sell you out too.
Hi. Wanna help me
in the garden?
Okay.
Our tomatoes are looking good.
Don't you think?
David?
What's "Gryphon"?
Gryphon.
Where'd you hear that name?
You have a box of matches.
We said we wouldn't
talk about it.
Yeah. well. now
I want to talk about it.
Don't you?
No.
D.
I thought I could forget about this.
but I can't.
So I think...
maybe if we just talk about it
we can put it behind us.
Gryphors a boat.
He took you to a boat?
- In Nevada?
- We flew to Santa Barbara.
- What kind of boat?
- A big boat.
And then what?
And then nothing.
Where did you get the matches?
Have you been going through my bag?
No.
Why? What's in your bag?
I'm not gonna talk about this.
I'm not gonna do it.
What?
Who are you talking to?
My mother.
And what did Mom have to say?
Nothing. She wasrt there.
You said you were talking to her.
How could you if she wasrt there?
Well. I was trying
to talk to her...
but I didn't reach her.
She wasrt in after 10:00?
No. If you don't believe me. would
you like to talk to her yourself?
What is the matter with you?
What is that?
You know what it is.
- Where did you get this?
- In your wallet.
I've never seen it before.
- It was in the secret compartment.
- I don't even use that.
- Have you been seeing him?
- No. I haven't.
- You can't stop thinking about him.
- You won't let me.
- Why were you in my wallet. anyway?
- I don't trust you.
- Well. I don't trust you either.
- Well. then we're even.
I had to do something.
I wanted to make something good
out of all we'd done wrong.
I decided to try
and buy our land back.
Alta Vista.
I need to find out the guy's name.
I wanna make him an offer.
I'm gonna get killed
for this. Diana.
I don't want you to get in trouble.
I really appreciate it.
There it is.
Right there.
- Back up.
- Here we go.
543 Alta Vista.
Oh. my God.
This guy's never gonna sell.
I just saw this guy on TV.
You bastard!
You stole our property!
Gentlemen.
I'd like to introduce a friend...
I'm not your friend.
Diana advised me on a piece
of property in Santa Monica.
You're a liar.
You took it. and I want it back.
Can we have a... Everything's fine.
Everything's under control.
Very well. sir.
Excuse me.
I'm taking it off.
Wait a minute.
- Did you just want to hurt me?
- Nonsense. I think you're wonderful.
- That was our house.
- I got there first.
I want you
to sell it back to me.
- You can't afford it.
- Oh? How's a million dollars?
The price is two.
If I had two.
the price would be four. right?
I saw an opportunity
and I took it.
You had the money and the right
instincts. but you were too late.
- I want you to work for me.
- You go to hell.
Listen. I mean it.
- Never.
- Why not?
- Because I hate you.
- No. you don't.
You wish you hated me.
Hi. D.
You look awful.
- Where you been?
- I'll tell you about it.
Gonna have some wine first.
Do you want some?
So. where you been?
Last night I was up for hours trying
to figure a way out of this mess.
And today?
And today I saw Gage.
Thank you for your trust. David...
and for listening.
Did you fuck him?
- No.
- But you wanted to.
I met him in broad daylight in
front of a bunch of rich assholes.
I don't believe you.
David. he bought our property.
Okay?
That's why I went to see him...
to find some way to get it back.
You have no reason to be jealous.
I hate him.
- Tell me what happened on that boat.
- Don't do this!
Why?
'Cause I want to know.
All right. I'll tell you.
The man was a fucking stallion.
Should I say we did it all night?
Does that do it for you?
- Is that the truth?
- You don't want the fucking truth.
You want me to lie.
So I'll tell you he's awful.
and you won't believe me.
Just tell me the truth. D.
It was sex. David.
Just sex. Not love.
Was it good sex?
- Don't do this.
- Can you just tell me that?
What are you hesitating for?
Just tell me. Was it good?
Was it good? Was it good?
Yes.
David.
Don't tell me it was just sex.
You were attracted to him all along.
That's bullshit.
David. I did it for you.
Don't you tell me
you did it for me.
You did it for yourself.
You were dying to do it.
I would never do this for myself.
It was all for you.
Don't lie to me!
You were attracted to him!
I knew something like this
was gonna happen.
I guess you make a deal
with the devil...
and eventually
you pay the price.
Thanks. Jeremy.
Coming from the man who closed
the deal. that's very comforting.
Green.
Oh. hi. Di.
I'm not here.
Yeah. he's right here.
You wanna speak to him?
No. I don't want to talk to him.
Look. sweetie...
he loves you...
you love him.
You gotta try and work this out.
It's all pretty simple. right?
This is a deal
even I can't screw up.
Tell him he can keep the money.
I don't want any of it.
Davey...
she says she doesn't
want the money.
I don't want the money either.
I'll take it.
I mean.
if nobody else wants it.
The next few weeks without David
felt like months.
I got very good
at staring at walls.
Diana.
The recession has ended.
There's a fella out there wants
to see ten-million-dollar homes.
There is a God.
Find someone else.
Find someone else?
Are you nuts?
Do you know what the commission
is on $ 10 million?
- I can't do it.
- You have to do it.
You're the best one I have.
You're the only one I have.
The others are all on caravan.
- I'm sorry. Mr. Langford. I can't.
- Diana.
I would never dream of forcing you
to do anything against your will.
Except this one time.
Now move your ass.
or you're fired.
If you think this is gonna work.
you underestimate me.
You are truly beautiful.
What do you think you're doing?
Looking for a house.
Well. there's Bel-Air. Holmby Hills.
Benedict Canyon. Pacific Palisades.
Where would you like to go first?
Paris.
1120 Bel-Air Road. please.
The ceilings are French gothic.
Renaissance paintings.
as you can see.
Parquet floors throughout.
The bathrooms are Italian marble.
This is the master bath.
Why didn't you return
any of my calls?
Do you like it?
No.
- Thirty million. minimum.
- Do you think?
- I know.
- Well. let's look at it.
It's not for sale.
Everything's for sale.
This is your house. isn't it?
Do you like it?
Well. it's certainly beautiful.
What do you think it needs?
Tell me honestly.
I think it needs a life.
I think it needs furniture...
maybe a couple of dogs
and flowers.
It needs you.
Just forget it.
It just won't work.
Why not?
Because from where we started.
we've got nowhere to go.
You don't know that.
I've never started this way either.
I need you.
No.
You collect things.
Don't you?
Sometimes.
Yeah.
Even if you were extremely rich...
and extremely smart...
can you be president?
You couldn't be president?
Why not?
I took a second job teaching
citizenship just to keep busy.
Where were you born?
I was born in Seoul. Korea.
Where was she born?
She was born in Seoul. Korea.
Where were you born. Miguel?
Sorry.
Welcome back.
Where were you born?
Cuba.
So. how do we say "Cuba"
in America?
Cuba.
Hi.
- What are you doing here?
- Isn't this the citizenship class?
- Yes.
- Can I sit in?
It's full.
Okay.
Cuba.
Cuba. Thank you.
Okay. I have a question
for you. Lucy.
Excuse me. Is there something
you'd like to share with us?
I was just saying
that you're an amazing woman.
And...
beautiful.
And talented.
And I am crazy about her.
You're full of surprises.
aren't you?
I'm trying like hell.
I think maybe you should go.
You want me to go?
Nice people.
They want the dream.
They saw it in the flesh tonight.
You have chalk on your face.
I have something
I want to show you.
I didn't know whether you liked
big ones or little ones.
Oh. you're so beautiful.
Come here.
I didn't have much time
to do anything else...
but...
it's a start.
Dance?
I should go.
I remember once when I was young.
I was coming back from someplace.
A movie or something.
I was on the subway.
There was a girl
sitting across from me.
She was wearing this dress
that was buttoned...
clear up right to here.
She was the most beautiful thing
I'd ever seen.
I was shy then.
So when she would look at me...
I would look away.
Then afterwards.
when I would look back...
she would look away.
Then I got to
where I was gonna get off.
Got off. the doors closed...
and as the train
was pulling away...
she looked right at me...
and gave me
the most incredible smile.
It was awful.
I wanted to tear the doors open.
I went back every night.
same time...
for two weeks.
But she never showed up.
That was 30 years ago...
and I don't think
there's a day that goes by...
that I don't think about her.
I don't want that
to happen again.
Just one dance?
I want a word with you. Gage.
See. what you don't know is.
we got a secret. me and Diana.
We're invincible.
Diana. you're so fucking beautiful.
Maybe tomorrow would be better.
Maybe tomorrow
would be a better time?
Hey. I got a suggestion for you.
You know that emblem you got?
The gryphon? The eagle?
I don't think that's a good idea.
I got a better idea.
- Shall I?
- It's all right.
How about the cuckoo?
You know? Because...
I'm talking to you
for a second.
The cuckoo is interesting because
it doesn't have its own nest...
so it moves into other birds' nests
and it destroys their eggs.
David. stop. Just...
You don't love me anymore?
Have I ever told you I love you?
Have a nice dinner.
Help him.
Go inside.
Got him?
You've done a lot since USC.
First in your class...
AIA award. Prix de Rome.
Yeah.
Why would you want this job?
Well. I want to work.
Overqualified.
Fine. Exploit me.
Great architecture is only
gonna come from your passion.
And even that
won't assure you a job.
Louis Kahn died in a mers room
in Penn Station...
and for days
no one claimed the body.
Look at that.
Is that beautiful?
The money men did not weep...
because the great ones
are impossible to deal with.
They're a pain in the ass...
because they know that
if they do their jobs properly...
if they just this once
get it right...
they can actually
lift the human spirit...
take it to a higher place.
What is this?
A brick.
Good. What else?
A weapon.
Louis Kahn said
even a brick wants to be something.
A brick wants to be something.
It aspires.
Even a common. ordinary brick...
wants to be something
more than it is.
It wants to be something
better than it is.
That is what we must be.
See you on Friday.
A brick wants to be something. huh?
I'll bet it doesn't
want to be a lawyer.
- What are you doing here?
- I missed you.
I missed you too.
Thanks.
- How you doir?
- I'm good.
Getting it together.
She wants a divorce.
She wants her freedom and...
if you don't contest it...
you get everything...
the land. the money. everything.
Where is she?
Hi. everybody!
Hi. everybody.
I'm Billy Connolly.
Good-bye. everybody.
You may wonder
what you're doing here...
sitting in the sun as the smell
of the zoo wafts past your nostrils.
The reason you are here
is because you are loaded.
But may I say how brilliant it is
to see so many with an interest...
in the preservation
of endangered species.
Every year we have this unique way
of making money for the cause.
We auction animals.
We bid as high as possible...
and the money goes to sponsor
these lovely beasts.
Let's start with a bang.
We've got a superstar
as a first animal.
Ladies and gentlemen. the hippo.
The animal itself is far too big
and angry to bring along.
Look at this guy.
Thousands and thousands of pounds
of aggressive. hostile cellulite.
Weighs slightly less
than the average school bus.
Look at that magnificent beastie.
To put him in a better light. to
relieve you of some serious money...
Thank you very much.
We have a kissy-kissy picture.
Isn't that nice?
Ladies and gentlemen. I couldn't
even dream of starting the bid...
below $ 10.000.
- Now. I know it's a lot of money...
- Thirty.
Thirty thousand dollars.
ladies and gentlemen!
Call me a sentimental old fool.
Do I hear 35?
- Thirty-five.
- Thirty-five thousand dollars!
- Forty.
- Forty thousand dollars!
- Forty-five thousand.
- Forty-five thousand!
- Fifty.
- Fifty thousand dollars!
I can't believe it.
That's extraordinary.
Fifty thousand once.
Fifty thousand twice.
ladies and gentlemen.
One million dollars.
- Wow.
- Who is he?
I'm sorry?
One million dollars.
Did you say
one million dollars. sir?
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen.
one million dollars!
Goodness! Would anybody care to
top that. ladies and gentlemen?
I didn't think so.
In that case. sir. I believe
you're the proud owner of a hippo.
Congratulations.
Hello. Diana.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the next animal is an ostrich.
I really wanted you
to have that money.
And I really wanted you
to have that hippo.
Maybe you two
would like a moment alone.
So can we hear a bid
of. maybe. a million?
That was a joke.
Start at 30.000. Do I hear 40?
So.
- How are you...
- I hear you're teaching.
- Go ahead.
- I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'm teaching.
It doesn't pay much. but at least
I get to talk about architecture.
You know how I love
to talk about architecture.
Oh. my goodness.
Don't leave. ladies and gentlemen.
It's just a little shower.
Please!
A checkbook
makes an ideal umbrella.
Do we have a dolphin?
Have we a dolphin or an octopus?
How about tropical fish?
I know! You're running home
for more cash. I get it.
Come on. ladies and gentlemen.
You can find the money.
Oh. to hell. I'm gone.
I have to talk to you
about what happened.
- Don't. Don't.
- No. no. no. I have to.
Just hear me out.
I think the mistake
I made in Vegas...
was thinking that I could
forget what we did.
I thought we were invincible.
But now I know that the things
people in love do to each other...
they remember.
If they stay together.
it's not because they forget.
It's because they forgive.
I was just...
I was just so afraid
that you wanted him.
No. actually I was afraid
that you were right to want him.
'Cause I thought
he was the better man.
And I know now he's not.
He's just got more money.
I think we should talk.
I am very happy.
Shackleford.
Did you ever see me like this?
Can't say that I have.
Diana is the reason.
Enough for any man.
She is the best of them.
Absolutely.
You are the best of them.
The best of them?
You said I'm the best of them?
You are.
I don't understand.
Shackleford.
could you explain it to her?
What?
I could do that. sir...
but somehow I feel Ms. Murphy would
rather hear it directly from you.
Okay. All right.
She's the best
of the million-dollar club.
Obviously.
- The million-dollar club?
- Now you've got it.
You told me
you'd never done that before.
How many members
would you say there are?
- Members?
- Yeah.
Worldwide?
Yeah.
A couple dozen.
Remember the one
that wouldn't stop hiccuping?
What?
The waitress from Oklahoma.
Every time you came near her
she would convulse into hiccups.
Yeah. I had forgotten.
Quite a night.
The best thing of it is...
you know
if you're sexually compatible...
right from the start.
Shackleford.
would you stop the car?
Thank you. John.
Good-bye.
Oh.
Here.
For luck.
Yeah.
- Take care of him.
- Sure.
What was all that about?
I wanted to end it.
She never would have looked at me
the way she did at him.
Seven years ago David proposed to me
on the pier at Paradise Cove.
I wanted to go there to remember...
and start over.
Have I ever told you I love you?
No.
I do.
Still?
Always.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm